Adding safe divide function (#11904)
apache/druid: docs/misc/math-expr.md

|remainder|remainder(x, y) returns the remainder operation on two arguments as prescribed by the IEEE 754 standard|
|rint|rint(x) returns value that is closest in value to x and is equal to a mathematical integer|
|round|round(x, y) returns the value of the x rounded to the y decimal places. While x can be an integer or floating-point number, y must be an integer. The type of the return value is specified by that of x. y defaults to 0 if omitted. When y is negative, x is rounded on the left side of the y decimal points. If x is `NaN`, x returns 0. If x is infinity, x will be converted to the nearest finite double. |

> |safe_divide|safe_divide(x,y) returns the division of x by y if y is not equal to 0, returns 0 otherwise|

Reviewer: it's better to put this new function along with the 'div' function above.

Reviewer: What if either x or y is NULL?

Reviewer 2: they appear to be alphabetically sorted right now, maybe we should consider leaving it where it is (though I don't have a strong opinion)

It is worth documenting the null handling behavior (especially if we change it to return null in SQL compatible null handling mode)

> |safe_divide|safe_divide(x,y) returns the division of x by y if y is not equal to 0. In case y is 0 it returns null or default values (if returning default values are enabled). |

Reviewer 2: nit: to match other docs that describe difference between default and sql compatible null handling mode
```suggestion
|safe_divide|safe_divide(x,y) returns the division of x by y if y is not equal to 0. In case y is 0 it returns 0, or `null` if `druid.generic.useDefaultValueForNull=false`. |
```

Also, since this file doesn't backtick the expression names, `safe_divide` needs added to the spelling exceptions file https://github.com/apache/druid/blob/master/website/.spelling#L1202

Author: Done
